DOC-811: Added PowerPaste release notes and documented gdocs support (#1955)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-notes/release-notes58.md

For information on the Export plugin, see: [Export plugin]({{site.baseurl}}/plugins/premium/export/).

### PowerPaste 5.5.0

The {{site.productname}} 5.8 release includes an accompanying release of the **PowerPaste** premium plugin.

This release adds support for copying and pasting content from Google Docs, making it possible to copy and retain styles from Google Docs content. By default, a dialog will now appear asking users if the content should be cleaned or merged when pasting Google Docs content.

**PowerPaste** 5.5.0 provides the following new features:

> - Added Google Docs paste support which can be controlled using the new [`powerpaste_googledocs_import`]({{site.baseurl}}/plugins/premium/powerpaste/#powerpaste_googledocs_import) option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Google Docs paste support which can be controlled using the new [`powerpaste_googledocs_import` option]({{site.baseurl}}/plugins/premium/powerpaste/#powerpaste_googledocs_import).
```

**PowerPaste** 5.5.0 provides the following improvements:

- The editor will now show a "loading" screen while paste events are processed.

**PowerPaste** 5.5.0 provides the following bug fixes:

> - Fixed an issue where automatic linking didn't work with URLs containing commas in the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where automatic linking didn't work for URLs containing commas.
```

Author: This is the same as what's distributed in the actual changelog. Are you sure you want it changed?

Reviewer: dang. ok ignore me

For information on the Export plugin, see: [Export plugin]({{site.baseurl}}/plugins/premium/export/).

### PowerPaste 5.5.0

The {{site.productname}} 5.8 release includes an accompanying release of the **PowerPaste** premium plugin.

> This release adds support for copying and pasting content from Google Docs, making it possible to copy and retain styles from Google Docs content. By default, a dialog will now appear asking users if the content should be cleaned or merged when pasting Google Docs content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for copying and pasting content from Google Docs, making it possible to copy content and retain styles from Google Docs. By default, a dialog will appear asking users if the content should be cleaned or merged when pasting Google Docs content.
```
With `content` there, it reads like we're copying the styles, not the content and styles
